docs/get-started/adding-scripts.mdx, before:

# Adding Scripts

Adding scripts to your server is the primary way to customize and extend gameplay. This guide will walk you through everything you need to know.

## How Scripts Work

Scripts in JC4MP are organized into **resources** - collections of related scripts that work together. Each resource is a folder containing scripts and assets that provide specific functionality to your server.

## Basic File Structure

Scripts are placed in your server's `resources` folder. Here's the basic structure:

```
your-server/
└── resources/
    ├── my-first-script/
    ├── vehicle-spawner/
    └── chat-system/
```

Each resource folder can contain three special directories:

- **`client/`** - Scripts that run on players' computers
- **`server/`** - Scripts that run on your server (players can't see these)
- **`shared/`** - Scripts that run on both client and server

## File Types

Resources can contain various file types:

- **`.lua`** - Main script files (most common)
- **`.html`, `.css`, `.js`** - For creating [webviews](/client-api/webview) (UI elements - these files must be in the `client` folder)
- **`.json`, `.txt`** - Configuration and data files
- **Images, sounds, models** - Other assets

## Download Behavior

When players connect to your server:

- They download everything from `client/` and `shared/` folders
- They **cannot** access anything in `server/` folders
- Server scripts remain private on your server

## Script Execution

- **Client scripts** run on each player's computer
- **Server scripts** run only on your server
- **Shared scripts** run on both client and server
- Client and server scripts can both import and use shared scripts via the [modules system](/shared-api/modules)

## Example Directory Structure

Here's a realistic example with multiple resources:

```
resources/
├── vehicle-spawner/
│   ├── client/
│   │   ├── spawner_ui.lua
│   │   └── webview/
│   │       ├── index.html
│   │       ├── style.css
│   │       └── script.js
│   ├── server/
│   │   ├── vehicle_manager.lua
│   │   └── permissions.lua
│   └── shared/
│       ├── vehicle_data.lua
│       └── config.lua
├── chat-system/
│   ├── client/
│   │   └── chat_client.lua
│   ├── server/
│   │   ├── chat_server.lua
│   │   └── moderation.lua
│   └── shared/
│       └── chat_utils.lua
└── my-gamemode/
    ├── client/
    │   ├── hud.lua
    │   └── player_input.lua
    ├── server/
    │   ├── gamemode.lua
    │   ├── player_data.lua
    │   └── database/
    │       └── connection.lua
    └── shared/
        ├── constants.lua
        └── math_utils.lua
```

## Nested Resources

You can organize scripts with subfolders. The system searches for `client`, `server`, and `shared` folders at any depth:

```
resources/
└── my-script-pack/
    ├── racing/
    │   ├── client/
    │   │   └── race_ui.lua
    │   ├── server/
    │   │   └── race_logic.lua
    │   └── shared/
    │       └── race_data.lua
    ├── weapons/
    │   ├── client/
    │   │   └── weapon_effects.lua
    │   └── server/
    │       └── weapon_spawner.lua
    └── utilities/
        └── shared/
            └── common_functions.lua
```

## Hidden Folders

To hide folders from the resource system, prefix them with two underscores (`__`):

```
resources/
└── my-webview-script/
    ├── client/
    │   └── webview_client.lua
    ├── __node_modules/          # Hidden from resource system
    │   └── some-framework/
    │       └── client/          # This won't be treated as a script folder
    └── __build-tools/           # Also hidden
        └── webpack.config.js
```

This is especially useful when working with web frameworks for webviews that might have their own `client` folders in dependencies.

## Sharing Code Between Scripts

### Static Data and Methods
Use the [modules system](/shared-api/modules) to share static data and functions between different scripts.

### Dynamic Runtime Data
Use [events](/shared-api/events) to communicate and share dynamic data between scripts while your server is running.

## Getting Started

1. Create a new folder in your `resources` directory
2. Add `client`, `server`, or `shared` folders as needed
3. Place your `.lua` scripts in the appropriate folders
4. Restart your server to load the new resource

Your scripts will automatically be loaded and executed when players connect to your server!

## Lua Standard Library Availability

For security and sandboxing, access to the Lua `os` library has been removed. Scripts should avoid using `os.*` functions (such as `os.execute`, `os.remove`, `os.getenv`, etc.). Use provided game APIs (e.g., `SQL`, `Timer`, networking, file-less configs) to perform needed tasks.

Commit message:

Add links to default scripts

docs/get-started/adding-scripts.mdx, after:

# Adding Scripts

Adding scripts to your server is the primary way to customize and extend gameplay. This guide will walk you through everything you need to know.

:::tip New to Scripting?
If you're just getting started, consider downloading the [official default scripts](/tools/servers#default-scripts)! They include essential features like chat commands and player management, and serve as great examples for learning how scripts work. See the [Server Setup](/get-started/server-setup#step-8-download-and-add-default-scripts) guide for installation instructions.
:::

## How Scripts Work

Scripts in JC4MP are organized into **resources** - collections of related scripts that work together. Each resource is a folder containing scripts and assets that provide specific functionality to your server.

## Basic File Structure

Scripts are placed in your server's `resources` folder. Here's the basic structure:

```
your-server/
└── resources/
    ├── my-first-script/
    ├── vehicle-spawner/
    └── chat-system/
```

Each resource folder can contain three special directories:

- **`client/`** - Scripts that run on players' computers
- **`server/`** - Scripts that run on your server (players can't see these)
- **`shared/`** - Scripts that run on both client and server

## File Types

Resources can contain various file types:

- **`.lua`** - Main script files (most common)
- **`.html`, `.css`, `.js`** - For creating [webviews](/client-api/webview) (UI elements - these files must be in the `client` folder)
- **`.json`, `.txt`** - Configuration and data files
- **Images, sounds, models** - Other assets

## Download Behavior

When players connect to your server:

- They download everything from `client/` and `shared/` folders
- They **cannot** access anything in `server/` folders
- Server scripts remain private on your server

## Script Execution

- **Client scripts** run on each player's computer
- **Server scripts** run only on your server
- **Shared scripts** run on both client and server
- Client and server scripts can both import and use shared scripts via the [modules system](/shared-api/modules)

## Example Directory Structure

Here's a realistic example with multiple resources:

```
resources/
├── vehicle-spawner/
│   ├── client/
│   │   ├── spawner_ui.lua
│   │   └── webview/
│   │       ├── index.html
│   │       ├── style.css
│   │       └── script.js
│   ├── server/
│   │   ├── vehicle_manager.lua
│   │   └── permissions.lua
│   └── shared/
│       ├── vehicle_data.lua
│       └── config.lua
├── chat-system/
│   ├── client/
│   │   └── chat_client.lua
│   ├── server/
│   │   ├── chat_server.lua
│   │   └── moderation.lua
│   └── shared/
│       └── chat_utils.lua
└── my-gamemode/
    ├── client/
    │   ├── hud.lua
    │   └── player_input.lua
    ├── server/
    │   ├── gamemode.lua
    │   ├── player_data.lua
    │   └── database/
    │       └── connection.lua
    └── shared/
        ├── constants.lua
        └── math_utils.lua
```

## Nested Resources

You can organize scripts with subfolders. The system searches for `client`, `server`, and `shared` folders at any depth:

```
resources/
└── my-script-pack/
    ├── racing/
    │   ├── client/
    │   │   └── race_ui.lua
    │   ├── server/
    │   │   └── race_logic.lua
    │   └── shared/
    │       └── race_data.lua
    ├── weapons/
    │   ├── client/
    │   │   └── weapon_effects.lua
    │   └── server/
    │       └── weapon_spawner.lua
    └── utilities/
        └── shared/
            └── common_functions.lua
```

## Hidden Folders

To hide folders from the resource system, prefix them with two underscores (`__`):

```
resources/
└── my-webview-script/
    ├── client/
    │   └── webview_client.lua
    ├── __node_modules/          # Hidden from resource system
    │   └── some-framework/
    │       └── client/          # This won't be treated as a script folder
    └── __build-tools/           # Also hidden
        └── webpack.config.js
```

This is especially useful when working with web frameworks for webviews that might have their own `client` folders in dependencies.

## Sharing Code Between Scripts

### Static Data and Methods
Use the [modules system](/shared-api/modules) to share static data and functions between different scripts.

### Dynamic Runtime Data
Use [events](/shared-api/events) to communicate and share dynamic data between scripts while your server is running.

## Getting Started

1. Create a new folder in your `resources` directory
2. Add `client`, `server`, or `shared` folders as needed
3. Place your `.lua` scripts in the appropriate folders
4. Restart your server to load the new resource

Your scripts will automatically be loaded and executed when players connect to your server!

## Lua Standard Library Availability

For security and sandboxing, access to the Lua `os` library has been removed. Scripts should avoid using `os.*` functions (such as `os.execute`, `os.remove`, `os.getenv`, etc.). Use provided game APIs (e.g., `SQL`, `Timer`, networking, file-less configs) to perform needed tasks.
