docs/client-api/events.mdx, before:

# Events

List of all events that can be used to listen for events. For usage details and more events, see [Events](/shared-api/events).

### Connection Events

#### `OnClientJoin()`

Called when the local client joins the server.

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnClientJoin", function()
    print("Connected to server!")
end)
```

### Render Events

#### `OnRender()`

Called every frame. Use the `Render` event to draw elements to the screen underneath the JC4MP UI, such as the chat window. Learn more [here](/client-api/render).

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnRender", function()
    Render.DrawText(vec2(100, 100), "Hello World!", 1.0, vec4(1, 1, 1, 1))
end)
```

#### `OnPostRender()`

Called every frame. Use the `PostRender` event to draw elements to the screen on top of the JC4MP UI, such as the chat window. This is good for full-screen overlays, such as fading to black for transitions. Learn more [here](/client-api/render).

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPostRender", function()
    Render.DrawBox(vec2(0, 0), vec2(100, 100), vec4(0, 0, 0, 0.5))
end)
```

### Vehicle Events

#### `OnVehicleExplode(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle explodes. Only available on the client side.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle that exploded

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleExplode", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " exploded!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehiclePartChangedState(vehicle: NetVehicle, part: VehiclePart, state: VehiclePartState)`

This event is called when a part of a vehicle changes state, such as the door opening on the carrier plane.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose part changed
- `part: VehiclePart` - The part that changed state
- `state: VehiclePartState` - The new state of the part

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehiclePartChangedState", function(vehicle, part, state)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " part " .. tostring(part) .. " changed to state " .. tostring(state))
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleNitrousUse(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle uses nitrous boost.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle using nitrous

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleNitrousUse", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " used nitrous!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleTurboJump(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle performs a turbo jump.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle performing the turbo jump

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleTurboJump", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " performed a turbo jump!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleCollision(vehicle: NetVehicle, position: vec3, normal: vec3, impulse: float)`

This event fires when a vehicle collides with something, providing collision details including position, surface normal, and impact impulse.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle that collided
- `position: vec3` - The collision position
- `normal: vec3` - The surface normal at the collision point
- `impulse: float` - The impact impulse

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleCollision", function(vehicle, position, normal, impulse)
    print("Vehicle collision at " .. tostring(position) .. " with impulse " .. impulse)
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleRender(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This function is called when the game updates/renders all vehicles, one call per vehicle.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose lights are being updated

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleRender", function(vehicle)
    print("Updating vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId())
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleHornPlay(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle's horn starts playing.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose horn started playing

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleHornPlay", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " started honking")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleHornStop(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle's horn stops playing.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose horn stopped playing

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleHornStop", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " stopped honking")
end)
```

### Player Events

#### `OnPlayerRagdollStart(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player starts ragdolling (enters ragdoll state).

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that started ragdolling

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerRagdollStart", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " started ragdolling")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerRagdollEnd(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player stops ragdolling (exits ragdoll state).

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that stopped ragdolling

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerRagdollEnd", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " stopped ragdolling")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerKicked(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player is kicked using the grapple reeling.

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that was kicked

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerKicked", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " was kicked")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerGrappleHit(player: NetPlayer, position: vec3, direction: vec3)`

This event fires when a player is grappled by another player.

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that was grappled
- `position: vec3` - The position where the grapple hit
- `direction: vec3` - The direction of the grapple

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerGrappleHit", function(player, position, direction)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " was grappled at " .. tostring(position))
end)
```

### Navigation Events

#### `OnWaypointPlace()`

This event fires when a waypoint is placed. This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

**Parameters:**
- `position: vec3` - The position of the waypoint

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnWaypointPlace", function(position)
    print("Waypoint placed at " .. tostring(position))
    -- Cancel waypoint placement
    Event.Cancel()
end)
```

#### `OnWaypointRemove(reached: bool)`

This event fires when a waypoint is removed. The reached parameter indicates if the waypoint was removed when the local player reached it (true) or for another reason (false). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

**Parameters:**
- `reached: bool` - Whether the waypoint was reached by the player

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnWaypointRemove", function(reached)
    if reached then
        print("Waypoint reached!")
    else
        print("Waypoint removed for other reason")
    end
    -- Cancel waypoint removal
    Event.Cancel()
end)
```

#### `OnScanStart()`

This event fires when a scan starts (default tab key). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

#### `OnScanEnd()`

This event fires when a scan ends (default tab key). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

Commit message:

Documentation updates
- Updated Lua APIs
- Fixed and improved inheritance of everything related to NetObject
- Visual improvements in header
- Fixed crash after clicking "Read X docs" in Rico chat

docs/client-api/events.mdx, after:

# Events

List of all events that can be used to listen for events. For usage details and more events, see [Events](/shared-api/events).

### Connection Events

#### `OnClientJoin()`

Called when the local client joins the server.

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnClientJoin", function()
    print("Connected to server!")
end)
```

### Render Events

#### `OnRender()`

Called every frame. Use the `Render` event to draw elements to the screen underneath the JC4MP UI, such as the chat window. Learn more [here](/client-api/render).

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnRender", function()
    Render.DrawText(vec2(100, 100), "Hello World!", 1.0, vec4(1, 1, 1, 1))
end)
```

#### `OnPostRender()`

Called every frame. Use the `PostRender` event to draw elements to the screen on top of the JC4MP UI, such as the chat window. This is good for full-screen overlays, such as fading to black for transitions. Learn more [here](/client-api/render).

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPostRender", function()
    Render.DrawBox(vec2(0, 0), vec2(100, 100), vec4(0, 0, 0, 0.5))
end)
```

#### `OnUpdate()`

Thread-safe per-frame update, called every frame. Prefer this over `OnRender` for game logic that must be thread-safe.

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnUpdate", function()
    -- Update game logic here
end)
```

#### `OnPostUpdate()`

Thread-safe per-frame update that runs after `OnUpdate`. Prefer this over `OnPostRender` for logic that must be thread-safe.

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPostUpdate", function()
    -- Late update logic here
end)
```

### Vehicle Events

#### `OnVehicleExplode(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle explodes. Only available on the client side.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle that exploded

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleExplode", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " exploded!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehiclePartChangedState(vehicle: NetVehicle, part: VehiclePart, state: VehiclePartState)`

This event is called when a part of a vehicle changes state, such as the door opening on the carrier plane.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose part changed
- `part: VehiclePart` - The part that changed state
- `state: VehiclePartState` - The new state of the part

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehiclePartChangedState", function(vehicle, part, state)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " part " .. tostring(part) .. " changed to state " .. tostring(state))
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleNitrousUse(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle uses nitrous boost.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle using nitrous

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleNitrousUse", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " used nitrous!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleTurboJump(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle performs a turbo jump.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle performing the turbo jump

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleTurboJump", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " performed a turbo jump!")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleCollision(vehicle: NetVehicle, position: vec3, normal: vec3, impulse: float)`

This event fires when a vehicle collides with something, providing collision details including position, surface normal, and impact impulse.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle that collided
- `position: vec3` - The collision position
- `normal: vec3` - The surface normal at the collision point
- `impulse: float` - The impact impulse

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleCollision", function(vehicle, position, normal, impulse)
    print("Vehicle collision at " .. tostring(position) .. " with impulse " .. impulse)
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleRender(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This function is called when the game updates/renders all vehicles, one call per vehicle.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose lights are being updated

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleRender", function(vehicle)
    print("Updating vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId())
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleHornPlay(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle's horn starts playing.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose horn started playing

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleHornPlay", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " started honking")
end)
```

#### `OnVehicleHornStop(vehicle: NetVehicle)`

This event fires when a vehicle's horn stops playing.

**Parameters:**
- `vehicle: NetVehicle` - The vehicle whose horn stopped playing

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnVehicleHornStop", function(vehicle)
    print("Vehicle " .. vehicle:GetId() .. " stopped honking")
end)
```

### Player Events

#### `OnPlayerRagdollStart(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player starts ragdolling (enters ragdoll state).

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that started ragdolling

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerRagdollStart", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " started ragdolling")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerRagdollEnd(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player stops ragdolling (exits ragdoll state).

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that stopped ragdolling

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerRagdollEnd", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " stopped ragdolling")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerKicked(player: NetPlayer)`

This event fires when a player is kicked using the grapple reeling.

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that was kicked

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerKicked", function(player)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " was kicked")
end)
```

#### `OnPlayerGrappleHit(player: NetPlayer, position: vec3, direction: vec3)`

This event fires when a player is grappled by another player.

**Parameters:**
- `player: NetPlayer` - The player that was grappled
- `position: vec3` - The position where the grapple hit
- `direction: vec3` - The direction of the grapple

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnPlayerGrappleHit", function(player, position, direction)
    print("Player " .. player:GetNick() .. " was grappled at " .. tostring(position))
end)
```

### Navigation Events

#### `OnWaypointPlace()`

This event fires when a waypoint is placed. This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

**Parameters:**
- `position: vec3` - The position of the waypoint

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnWaypointPlace", function(position)
    print("Waypoint placed at " .. tostring(position))
    -- Cancel waypoint placement
    Event.Cancel()
end)
```

#### `OnWaypointRemove(reached: bool)`

This event fires when a waypoint is removed. The reached parameter indicates if the waypoint was removed when the local player reached it (true) or for another reason (false). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

**Parameters:**
- `reached: bool` - Whether the waypoint was reached by the player

**Example:**
```lua
Event.Add("OnWaypointRemove", function(reached)
    if reached then
        print("Waypoint reached!")
    else
        print("Waypoint removed for other reason")
    end
    -- Cancel waypoint removal
    Event.Cancel()
end)
```

#### `OnScanStart()`

This event fires when a scan starts (default tab key). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().

#### `OnScanEnd()`

This event fires when a scan ends (default tab key). This event is cancellable with Event.Cancel().
