docs/client-api/world.mdx, before:

import WorldShared from "../../src/classes/world_shared.mdx"


# World

APIs related to the Just Cause 4 game world.

## Global Methods

<WorldShared />

#### `World.SetTime(value: number)`

Sets the current world time. 12 is noon, and 0 is midnight.

Example usage:

#### `World.GetTime(): number`

Gets the current time of the world.

#### `World.SetTimescale(value: number)`

Sets the world timescale. This value determines how fast the day/night cycle runs. The default value is 1. Higher values make the day pass by quicker, and a value of 0 means that the time will never change.

#### `World.GetTimescale(): number`

Gets the current timescale of the world.

#### `World.SetGravity(value: vec3)`

Sets the world gravity. This affects everything in the world _except_ for regular player movement. If a player enters ragdoll, this will affect the ragdoll gravity.

Example usage to enable anti-gravity:
```lua
World.SetGravity(vec3(0,0,0))
```

#### `World.GetGravity(): vec3`

Gets the current gravity of the world. Default is `vec3(0, -9.8, 0)`.

#### `World.SpawnPOI(position: vec3, type: POIType, display_mode: POIDisplayMode, minDistance: number, maxDistance: number): POI`

Spawns a [POI](/client-api/poi) at the given position with the given [type](/shared-api/poitype) and [display mode](/shared-api/poidisplaymode).

#### `World.SetWaypoint(position: vec3)`

Sets the waypoint to the given position.

#### `World.ClearWaypoint()`

Clears the waypoint.

#### `World.SpawnRigidObject(position: vec3, model: string, collision: string, rotation?: vec3, health?: number): RigidObject`

Spawns a rigid object at the given position with the given rotation. This is synced to all players. See the [objects list](/reference/objects-list) for a complete list of objects to spawn.

#### `World.GetWaypoint(): POI`

Returns the current waypoint as a [POI](/client-api/poi) instance. Note that this POI instance is not usable for now and doesn't have any methods available.

**Returns:** POI - The current waypoint POI instance

#### `World.GetWaypointPosition(): vec3`

Returns the position of the current waypoint.

**Returns:** vec3 - The position of the current waypoint

Commit message:

Add World.GetRenderDeltaTime and World.GetUpdateDeltaTime methods

docs/client-api/world.mdx, after:

import WorldShared from "../../src/classes/world_shared.mdx"


# World

APIs related to the Just Cause 4 game world.

## Global Methods

<WorldShared />

#### `World.SetTime(value: number)`

Sets the current world time. 12 is noon, and 0 is midnight.

Example usage:

#### `World.GetTime(): number`

Gets the current time of the world.

#### `World.SetTimescale(value: number)`

Sets the world timescale. This value determines how fast the day/night cycle runs. The default value is 1. Higher values make the day pass by quicker, and a value of 0 means that the time will never change.

#### `World.GetTimescale(): number`

Gets the current timescale of the world.

#### `World.GetRenderDeltaTime(): number`

Returns the time elapsed, in milliseconds, between the last two frames. This value can fluctuate depending on the frame rate.

#### `World.GetUpdateDeltaTime(): number`

Returns the fixed time step, in milliseconds, used for physics and game logic updates.

#### `World.SetGravity(value: vec3)`

Sets the world gravity. This affects everything in the world _except_ for regular player movement. If a player enters ragdoll, this will affect the ragdoll gravity.

Example usage to enable anti-gravity:
```lua
World.SetGravity(vec3(0,0,0))
```

#### `World.GetGravity(): vec3`

Gets the current gravity of the world. Default is `vec3(0, -9.8, 0)`.

#### `World.SpawnPOI(position: vec3, type: POIType, display_mode: POIDisplayMode, minDistance: number, maxDistance: number): POI`

Spawns a [POI](/client-api/poi) at the given position with the given [type](/shared-api/poitype) and [display mode](/shared-api/poidisplaymode).

#### `World.SetWaypoint(position: vec3)`

Sets the waypoint to the given position.

#### `World.ClearWaypoint()`

Clears the waypoint.

#### `World.SpawnRigidObject(position: vec3, model: string, collision: string, rotation?: vec3, health?: number): RigidObject`

Spawns a rigid object at the given position with the given rotation. This is synced to all players. See the [objects list](/reference/objects-list) for a complete list of objects to spawn.

#### `World.GetWaypoint(): POI`

Returns the current waypoint as a [POI](/client-api/poi) instance. Note that this POI instance is not usable for now and doesn't have any methods available.

**Returns:** POI - The current waypoint POI instance

#### `World.GetWaypointPosition(): vec3`

Returns the position of the current waypoint.

**Returns:** vec3 - The position of the current waypoint
