docs/tools/servers.mdx, before:

import ServerDownload from '@site/src/components/ServerDownload/index';

# Servers

To host your own JC4MP server, you'll need to download the server files. Players can only connect to your server if their client version is the same as the server version.

## Download

<ServerDownload />

## Linux Compatibility

The only supported Linux distros are Ubuntu 24.04 and above. This is because JC4MP uses features from C++23 feature set, and this requires g++14 and above for full compliance. g++14 (and necessary dynamic system dependencies) only runs on Ubuntu 24.04 and above, so we can only support those distro versions. Please see below for a full compatibility matrix. As more support is added, this table will be updated. The versions below are those that have been tested and validated by the team.


| Linux Distro   | Architecture | Supported? |
|----------------|--------------|------------|
| Ubuntu 24.04   | `x86_64`       | ✅         |
| Ubuntu 24.04   | `aarch64`      | ✅         |
| Ubuntu 22.04   | `x86_64`       | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 22.04   | `aarch64`      | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | `x86_64`       | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | `aarch64`      | ❌         |

Commit message:

Add links to default scripts

docs/tools/servers.mdx, after:

import ServerDownload from '@site/src/components/ServerDownload/index';

# Servers

To host your own JC4MP server, you'll need to download the server files. Players can only connect to your server if their client version is the same as the server version.

## Download

<ServerDownload />

## Default Scripts

Want to get started quickly with essential server functionality? Download the official default scripts!

The default scripts include helpful features like chat commands, player management, and more. They're a great starting point for new servers.

- **Direct Download:** [default-scripts.zip](https://github.com/jc4-mp/default-scripts/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
- **GitHub Repository:** [jc4-mp/default-scripts](https://github.com/jc4-mp/default-scripts)

To install the default scripts:

1. Download and extract the zip file
2. Copy all resource folders from the extracted folder into your server's `resources` folder
3. Add the resource names to the `startup_resources` array in your `cfg/config.json` file

For detailed installation instructions, see the [Server Setup](/get-started/server-setup#step-8-download-and-add-default-scripts) guide.

## Linux Compatibility

The only supported Linux distros are Ubuntu 24.04 and above. This is because JC4MP uses features from C++23 feature set, and this requires g++14 and above for full compliance. g++14 (and necessary dynamic system dependencies) only runs on Ubuntu 24.04 and above, so we can only support those distro versions. Please see below for a full compatibility matrix. As more support is added, this table will be updated. The versions below are those that have been tested and validated by the team.


| Linux Distro   | Architecture | Supported? |
|----------------|--------------|------------|
| Ubuntu 24.04   | `x86_64`       | ✅         |
| Ubuntu 24.04   | `aarch64`      | ✅         |
| Ubuntu 22.04   | `x86_64`       | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 22.04   | `aarch64`      | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | `x86_64`       | ❌         |
| Ubuntu 20.04   | `aarch64`      | ❌         |
