docs/reference/weapons-list.mdx, before:

# Weapon List

This is a list of all weapons available in JC4MP. You can give weapons to players using the [`NetPlayer:GiveWeapon`](/server-api/netplayer) function.

```lua
-- Give a spoecific player an assault rifle with 100 ammo, equipped, and in the primary weapon slot
player:GiveWeapon("wpn_000_assault_rifle", 100, true, WeaponSlot.Primary)
```

## Base game weapons

These weapons are included in the base Just Cause 4 game and are available to all players.

### Army of chaos weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| SW2 Rodelero Rifle <br/>`wpn_000_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_000_assault_rifle,aoc,aoc_private,aoc_gen_frontline |
| Bárbaro Machine Gun <br/>`wpn_010_machinegun` | weapon,wpn_010_machine_gun,aoc,aoc_private,aoc_gen_frontline |
| Cazador 18 Shotgun <br/>`wpn_020_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_020_shotgun,aoc,aoc_private |
| Zopilote Sniper Rifle <br/>`wpn_030_sniper_rifle` | weapon,wpn_030_sniper,aoc,aoc_sniper |
| Anti-Tanque-1 RPG <br/>`wpn_060_rpg` | weapon,wpn_060_rpg,aoc,aoc_rpg |

### Main weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| SW9 Assault Rifle <br/>`wpn_001_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_001_assault_rifle,private,elite,grunt,super_elite,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| SW7-PBAAssault Rifle <br/>`wpn_003_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_003_assault_rifle |
| Defender Machine Gun <br/>`wpn_011_machinegun` | weapon,two_handed,bullet,wpn_011_machinegun,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| CC10 Shotgun <br/>`wpn_021_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_021_shotgun,shotgun,private,elite,weaponlocker_slot_2 |
| PBX Auto-Slug 4 <br/>`wpn_022_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_022_shotgun,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| LRD-3 Sniper <br/>`wpn_031_sniper_rifle` | weapon,sniper,wpn_031_sniper_rifle,weaponlocker_slot_2 |
| PBX Super-Sniper 4 <br/>`wpn_032_sniper_rifle` | weapon,wpn_032_sniper_rifle |
| 21-J Smart Rifle <br/>`wpn_040_combat_rifle` | weapon,wpn_040_combat_rifle,elite,private,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| SMG-2 <br/>`wpn_050_smg` | weapon,wpn_050_smg,secondary_smg,ghost,private,elite,shielder,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| AT7 RPG <br/>`wpn_061_rpg` | weapon,wpn_061_rpg,rpg,weaponlocker_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| ATX-3 RPG <br/>`wpn_063_rpg` | weapon,wpn_063_rpg,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| PGL-6 Grenade Launcher <br/>`wpn_070_glauncher` | weapon,wpn_070_glauncher,grenade_launcher,grenadelauncher,grenadier,weaponlocker_slot_3 |
| PBX Mine Launcher 2A7 <br/>`wpn_071_mlauncher` | weapon,wpn_071_mlauncher,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| PWC V4.2 "Wing gun" <br/>`wpn_080_experimental` | weapon,wpn_080_experimental |
| DA 9.3 "Lightning gun" <br/>`wpn_081_experimental` |weapon,wpn_081_experimental,dlc_2_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| RG-PBA 9 Railgun <br/>`wpn_100_railgun` | weapon,wpn_100_railgun,railgun,titan,dlc_2_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| Prototype Crossbow (NEEDS TO BE MADE SPAWNABLE!!!) <br/>`wpn_102_crossbow_debug` | none yet |
| Cluster bomb launcher <br/>`wpn_905_clusterbomb` | weapon,wpn_905_clusterbomb |

### Grenades and projectiles

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Frag grenade <br/>`w301_frag_grenade` | weapon,thrown,explosive,grenade,frag,urga,w301 |
| Concussion grenade <br/>`w303_concussion_grenade` | weapon,thrown,urga,w303,concussion,concussion_grenade |
| Death dropped grenade <br/>`w304_death_dropped_grenade` | weapon,thrown,w304,death_dropped_grenade |

### Stationary weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Machine gun (AOC) <br/>`wpn_201_minigun_aoc` | weapon,mounted,heavy,minigun,w201,wpn_201,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Machine gun (BH) <br/>`wpn_201_minigun` | weapon,mounted,heavy,minigun,urga,vulcan,w201,wpn_201,stationary |
| Cannon (AOC) <br/>`wpn_202_cannon_aoc` | weapon,turret,cannon,wpn_202,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Cannon (BH) <br/>`wpn_202_cannon` | weapon,turret,cannon,wpn_202,stationary |
| AA gun (AOC) <br/>`wpn_203_aa_gun_aoc` | weapon,turret,aa,wpn_203,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| AA gun (BH) <br/>`wpn_203_aa_gun` | weapon,turret,aa,capstone,wpn_203,stationary |
| Mortar (AOC) <br/>`wpn_204_mortar_mounted_aoc` | weapon,turret,mortar_mounted,wpn_204,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Mortar (BH) <br/>`wpn_204_mortar_mounted` | weapon,turret,mortar_mounted,wpn_204,stationary |

### Easter egg weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Cow gun <br/>`wpn_800_combat_rifle_cow_gun` | weapon,cow_gun |

## Preorder DLC weapons

These weapons were included as a pre-order bonus and are now available for purchase separately or included in the Just Cause 4 Reloaded bundle.

### [Deathstalker Scorpion pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868420/Just_Cause_4_Deathstalker_Scorpion_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Deathstalker Scorpion Rifle <br/>`wpn_901_signature_rifle` | weapon, wpn_901_signature_rifle |

### [Golden Gear pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868423/Just_Cause_4_Golden_Gear_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Golden Shotgun <br/>`wpn_902_golden_shotgun` | weapon, wpn_902_golden_shotgun |

### [Renegade pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868429/Just_Cause_4_Renegade_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Renegade Drone Rifle <br/>`wpn_903_renegade_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_903_rebel_machinegun,wpn_903_renegade_assault_rifle |

## Minor DLC weapons

These weapons are standalone DLCs and have to be purchased separately.

### [The dragon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1028920/Just_Cause_4_The_Dragon/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| The Dragon <br/>`wpn_904_dragon` | weapon, wpn_904_dragon |

## Major DLC weapons

These weapons are part of major DLCs and have to be purchased either separately or all at once as part of the expansion pass.

### [Los Demonios](https://store.steampowered.com/app/972351/Just_Cause_4_Los_Demonios/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Demon Crossbow <br/>`wpn_102_crossbow` | weapon,wpn_102_crossbow |
| Tendrilizer <br/>`wpn_808_combat_rifle_seed_gun` | weapon,wpn_808_combat_rifle_seed_gun |

### [Danger rising](https://store.steampowered.com/app/972350/Just_Cause_4_Danger_Rising/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| RG-PBA 9 Railgun (Miller) <br/>`wpn_100_railgun_miller` | weapon,miller,miller_railgun |
| Seguoia 370 Mag-Slug <br/>`wpn_450_agency_handcannon` | weapon,agency,agency_handcannon,agency_pistol |
| Niagara 9MM Bullpup <br/>`wpn_460_agency_smg` | weapon,agency,agency_smg |
| Yellowstone Auto Sniper <br/>`wpn_461_agency_sniper` | weapon,agency,agency_sniper |
| Stormalon EM Zero <br/>`wpn_463_magnesis` | weapon,magnesis | 
| AA gun (Agency) <br/>`wpn_205_agency_aa_gun` | weapon,turret,aa,wpn_205,stationary |

Commit message:

Updated weapons-list.mdx with a tag usage example

docs/reference/weapons-list.mdx, after:

# Weapon List

This is a list of all weapons available in JC4MP. You can give weapons to players using the [`NetPlayer:GiveWeapon`](/server-api/netplayer) function.

```lua
-- Give a spoecific player an assault rifle with 100 ammo, equipped, and in the primary weapon slot
player:GiveWeapon("wpn_000_assault_rifle", 100, true, WeaponSlot.Primary)

-- Give a spoecific player a random weapon with the "elite" tag, 100 ammo, equipped, and in the primary weapon slot
player:GiveWeapon("elite", 100, true, WeaponSlot.Primary)
```

## Base game weapons

These weapons are included in the base Just Cause 4 game and are available to all players.

### Army of chaos weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| SW2 Rodelero Rifle <br/>`wpn_000_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_000_assault_rifle,aoc,aoc_private,aoc_gen_frontline |
| Bárbaro Machine Gun <br/>`wpn_010_machinegun` | weapon,wpn_010_machine_gun,aoc,aoc_private,aoc_gen_frontline |
| Cazador 18 Shotgun <br/>`wpn_020_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_020_shotgun,aoc,aoc_private |
| Zopilote Sniper Rifle <br/>`wpn_030_sniper_rifle` | weapon,wpn_030_sniper,aoc,aoc_sniper |
| Anti-Tanque-1 RPG <br/>`wpn_060_rpg` | weapon,wpn_060_rpg,aoc,aoc_rpg |

### Main weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| SW9 Assault Rifle <br/>`wpn_001_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_001_assault_rifle,private,elite,grunt,super_elite,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| SW7-PBAAssault Rifle <br/>`wpn_003_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_003_assault_rifle |
| Defender Machine Gun <br/>`wpn_011_machinegun` | weapon,two_handed,bullet,wpn_011_machinegun,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| CC10 Shotgun <br/>`wpn_021_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_021_shotgun,shotgun,private,elite,weaponlocker_slot_2 |
| PBX Auto-Slug 4 <br/>`wpn_022_shotgun` | weapon,wpn_022_shotgun,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| LRD-3 Sniper <br/>`wpn_031_sniper_rifle` | weapon,sniper,wpn_031_sniper_rifle,weaponlocker_slot_2 |
| PBX Super-Sniper 4 <br/>`wpn_032_sniper_rifle` | weapon,wpn_032_sniper_rifle |
| 21-J Smart Rifle <br/>`wpn_040_combat_rifle` | weapon,wpn_040_combat_rifle,elite,private,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| SMG-2 <br/>`wpn_050_smg` | weapon,wpn_050_smg,secondary_smg,ghost,private,elite,shielder,weaponlocker_slot_1,aoc_gen_frontline_t2,dlc_2_slot_1 |
| AT7 RPG <br/>`wpn_061_rpg` | weapon,wpn_061_rpg,rpg,weaponlocker_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| ATX-3 RPG <br/>`wpn_063_rpg` | weapon,wpn_063_rpg,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| PGL-6 Grenade Launcher <br/>`wpn_070_glauncher` | weapon,wpn_070_glauncher,grenade_launcher,grenadelauncher,grenadier,weaponlocker_slot_3 |
| PBX Mine Launcher 2A7 <br/>`wpn_071_mlauncher` | weapon,wpn_071_mlauncher,dlc_2_slot_2,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| PWC V4.2 "Wing gun" <br/>`wpn_080_experimental` | weapon,wpn_080_experimental |
| DA 9.3 "Lightning gun" <br/>`wpn_081_experimental` |weapon,wpn_081_experimental,dlc_2_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| RG-PBA 9 Railgun <br/>`wpn_100_railgun` | weapon,wpn_100_railgun,railgun,titan,dlc_2_slot_3,dlc_2_slot_3_special |
| Prototype Crossbow (NEEDS TO BE MADE SPAWNABLE!!!) <br/>`wpn_102_crossbow_debug` | none yet |
| Cluster bomb launcher <br/>`wpn_905_clusterbomb` | weapon,wpn_905_clusterbomb |

### Grenades and projectiles

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Frag grenade <br/>`w301_frag_grenade` | weapon,thrown,explosive,grenade,frag,urga,w301 |
| Concussion grenade <br/>`w303_concussion_grenade` | weapon,thrown,urga,w303,concussion,concussion_grenade |
| Death dropped grenade <br/>`w304_death_dropped_grenade` | weapon,thrown,w304,death_dropped_grenade |

### Stationary weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Machine gun (AOC) <br/>`wpn_201_minigun_aoc` | weapon,mounted,heavy,minigun,w201,wpn_201,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Machine gun (BH) <br/>`wpn_201_minigun` | weapon,mounted,heavy,minigun,urga,vulcan,w201,wpn_201,stationary |
| Cannon (AOC) <br/>`wpn_202_cannon_aoc` | weapon,turret,cannon,wpn_202,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Cannon (BH) <br/>`wpn_202_cannon` | weapon,turret,cannon,wpn_202,stationary |
| AA gun (AOC) <br/>`wpn_203_aa_gun_aoc` | weapon,turret,aa,wpn_203,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| AA gun (BH) <br/>`wpn_203_aa_gun` | weapon,turret,aa,capstone,wpn_203,stationary |
| Mortar (AOC) <br/>`wpn_204_mortar_mounted_aoc` | weapon,turret,mortar_mounted,wpn_204,rebel,aoc,stationary |
| Mortar (BH) <br/>`wpn_204_mortar_mounted` | weapon,turret,mortar_mounted,wpn_204,stationary |

### Easter egg weapons

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Cow gun <br/>`wpn_800_combat_rifle_cow_gun` | weapon,cow_gun |

## Preorder DLC weapons

These weapons were included as a pre-order bonus and are now available for purchase separately or included in the Just Cause 4 Reloaded bundle.

### [Deathstalker Scorpion pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868420/Just_Cause_4_Deathstalker_Scorpion_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Deathstalker Scorpion Rifle <br/>`wpn_901_signature_rifle` | weapon, wpn_901_signature_rifle |

### [Golden Gear pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868423/Just_Cause_4_Golden_Gear_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Golden Shotgun <br/>`wpn_902_golden_shotgun` | weapon, wpn_902_golden_shotgun |

### [Renegade pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/868429/Just_Cause_4_Renegade_Pack/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Renegade Drone Rifle <br/>`wpn_903_renegade_assault_rifle` | weapon,wpn_903_rebel_machinegun,wpn_903_renegade_assault_rifle |

## Minor DLC weapons

These weapons are standalone DLCs and have to be purchased separately.

### [The dragon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1028920/Just_Cause_4_The_Dragon/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| The Dragon <br/>`wpn_904_dragon` | weapon, wpn_904_dragon |

## Major DLC weapons

These weapons are part of major DLCs and have to be purchased either separately or all at once as part of the expansion pass.

### [Los Demonios](https://store.steampowered.com/app/972351/Just_Cause_4_Los_Demonios/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Demon Crossbow <br/>`wpn_102_crossbow` | weapon,wpn_102_crossbow |
| Tendrilizer <br/>`wpn_808_combat_rifle_seed_gun` | weapon,wpn_808_combat_rifle_seed_gun |

### [Danger rising](https://store.steampowered.com/app/972350/Just_Cause_4_Danger_Rising/)

| Name | Tags |
| ---- | ----------- |
| RG-PBA 9 Railgun (Miller) <br/>`wpn_100_railgun_miller` | weapon,miller,miller_railgun |
| Seguoia 370 Mag-Slug <br/>`wpn_450_agency_handcannon` | weapon,agency,agency_handcannon,agency_pistol |
| Niagara 9MM Bullpup <br/>`wpn_460_agency_smg` | weapon,agency,agency_smg |
| Yellowstone Auto Sniper <br/>`wpn_461_agency_sniper` | weapon,agency,agency_sniper |
| Stormalon EM Zero <br/>`wpn_463_magnesis` | weapon,magnesis | 
| AA gun (Agency) <br/>`wpn_205_agency_aa_gun` | weapon,turret,aa,wpn_205,stationary |
